README.md, before:

# Springboot Musical instruments store

This is a simple musical instruments store made with Springboot as a backend. It uses a MySQL database to store the data. 
Authentication is done with JWT. Communication with id done via JSON requests. Its main purpose is to be used with microservices.

You can use postman to test the API.

## How to run

1. Clone the project
2. Pull the MySQL image `docker pull mysql:latest`
3. Create network `docker network create musical-instruments-network`
4. Run MySQL container `docker run --name mysql-store --network musical-instruments-network -e MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD=***** -e MYSQL_DATABASE=Musical_instruments_store -e MYSQL_USER=***** -e MYSQL_PASSWORD=***** -d mysql:latest`
5. Build the project `mvn clean install`
6. Build the docker image `docker build -t spring-musical-store .`
7. Run the docker image `docker run --network musical-instruments-network --name musical-store -p 8080:8080 -d spring-musical-store
8. You can access the MySQL database with your command line `docker exec -it *NETWORK ID* bash`
9. Then you can access the database with `mysql -u*user* -p*password*`
10. You can access the API with `http://localhost:8080`
11. You can add roles to in the database with `INSERT INTO `Musical_instruments_store`.`role`(`code`, `name`) VALUES ("ROLE_USER", "user");` and so on
12. You can add roles after you have registered a user with your MySQL command line
13. Enjoy!

You can also use the docker-compose file to run the project.

## How to contribute

1. Fork the project
2. Create a new branch
3. Make your changes
4. Commit your changes
5. Push your branch
6. Create a pull request

Commit message:

Added Requests file to easily test API + minor corrections

README.md, after:

# Springboot Musical instruments store

This is a simple musical instruments store made with Springboot as a backend. It uses a MySQL database to store the data. 
Authentication is done with JWT. Communication with id done via JSON requests. Its main purpose is to be used with microservices.

You can use postman to test the API.

## How to run

1. Clone the project
2. Pull the MySQL image `docker pull mysql:latest`
3. Create network `docker network create musical-instruments-network`
4. Run MySQL container `docker run --name mysql-store --network musical-instruments-network -e MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD=***** -e MYSQL_DATABASE=Musical_instruments_store -e MYSQL_USER=***** -e MYSQL_PASSWORD=***** -d mysql:latest`
5. Build the project `mvn clean install`
6. Build the docker image `docker build -t spring-musical-store .`
7. Run the docker image `docker run --network musical-instruments-network --name musical-store -p 8080:8080 -d spring-musical-store`
8. You can access the MySQL database with your command line `docker exec -it *NETWORK ID* bash`
9. Then you can access the database with `mysql -u*user* -p*password*`
10. You can access the API with `http://localhost:8080`
11. You can add roles to in the database with `INSERT INTO Musical_instruments_store.role(code, name) VALUES ("ROLE_USER", "user");` and so on
12. You can add roles after you have registered a user with your MySQL command line
13. Enjoy!

You can also use the docker-compose file to run the project.

You can use `Requests.http` file to test the API.

## How to contribute

1. Fork the project
2. Create a new branch
3. Make your changes
4. Commit your changes
5. Push your branch
6. Create a pull request
